README.md, before:

<div align="center">

# Commit AI - Pieces for Developers

<img src="assets/icon.png" width="25%">

---

  <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavideLadisa.commit-pieces-ai" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/DavideLadisa.commit-pieces-ai?style=for-the-badge" alt="Visual Studio Marketplace Version">
  </a>
  <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavideLadisa.commit-pieces-ai" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/DavideLadisa.commit-pieces-ai?style=for-the-badge" alt="Visual Studio Marketplace Installs">
  </a>
  <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavideLadisa.commit-pieces-ai" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/r/DavideLadisa.commit-pieces-ai?style=for-the-badge" alt="Visual Studio Marketplace Rating">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/FrancoStino/commit-pieces-ai/blob/main/LICENSE" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/FrancoStino/commit-pieces-ai?style=for-the-badge" alt="GitHub license">
  </a>
  <a href="https://pieces.app/" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pieces-for%20developers-191919?style=for-the-badge&logo=data%3Aimage%2Fpng%3Bbase64%2CiVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAAUCAQAAAAngNWGAAAB3UlEQVQoz11TTWgTQRj9IGya7UpEPMVuLagYkQr%20QOpRtOBJBBc8eyqCIHgrrYRiipeCCF715E2rULEU3cZWIqXUCtp68Kg0a8EF0WgS7TrveZidZDff6c03b773zTdvROJwxBusToXv%20Y8kqcKNWsUbcqQnhrN%20OWqyJ6KWXznWl6CV8sFLs6nYYAOqQ64vlfaYalbwQif%2F8g6KyDDDI5jBn5j6dXmkT0Tysj6pEy2eR4F3sYmPuIcBnoXpZXXaEbmyL%2FqllzdwEAGM5DaLuG5WratDUr2p8Q%2FafIbkVXzY%2FB7j2rSEbzVcQp5tfsElnMYsSHKHe7EQHw03hTsazilXkRcxigpy3AIJunhsNJQYoSfKVeBR9RCkjTcgt2Bxo9NMh%2FiIriJP4AGIfvWa5DWcRLfpjvSschU5hlG00a8WOAGHK12eknBNo6fKVWSdh3gAGea4H4uJGYQfpDah4XM1oEjyJ%20%2FDwm20Uq9euyVjhahBkqvIcRsk%20RkZfkpNNGp6g%20LIq3FthlM4gxUsYwTnkOJxfSovInLcCudJss4LyMLGZXxL0YLF4ayx2a5gXiebaKeLse6XdiccediaGzfmSPT22y8Xsz0et8UrVCeDtXiuUfiuWvbc7lf4Dx%2FMT2rumNvaAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC" alt="Pieces for Developers">
  </a>
  
</div>

---

Commit AI - Pieces for Developers is a Visual Studio Code extension that uses the Pieces for Developers to enhance the code commit process.

## Configuration

To use Commit Pieces for Developers AI, you need to install **[Pieces for Developers](https://pieces.app/)**. Follow these steps:

1. You don't need any API key to use Commit Pieces for Developers.
2. Click on the Sparkle icon in the Source Control icon in the VS Code toolbar.
3. Open the VS Code settings (File > Preferences > Settings).
4. Search for "Commit Pieces for Developers" in the settings to customize it.
5. Enjoy!

## Features

![Commit Groq Demo](assets/commitpiecesai-demo.gif)

- Automatic generation of commit messages based on modified code.
- Code analysis for improvement suggestions before committing.
- Seamless integration with Git workflow in VS Code.

## Usage

1. Make your code changes as usual.
2. When you're ready to commit, use the "Run Commit Pieces for Developers" command from the command palette (Ctrl+Shift+P).
3. The extension will generate a commit message based on your changes.
4. Review and modify the message if necessary, then proceed with the commit.

## Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

- "Run Commit Pieces for Developers": automatically generates a commit message for your commit.

- Model: You can select the model from the plugin configuration.

`chat-bison`

`claude-3-5-sonnet@20240620`

`claude-3-haiku@20240307`

`claude-3-opus@20240229`

`claude-3-sonnet@20240229`

`codechat-bison`

`gemini-1.5-flash`

`gemini-1.5-pro`

`gemini-pro`

`gpt-3.5-turbo`

`gpt-3.5-turbo-16k`

`gpt-4`

`gpt-4-turbo`

`gpt-4o` - default

`gpt-4o-mini`

- Use Emojis: It allows you to enable or disable the use of emojis in commit messages.

- Custom Emojis: It allows you to write down the emojis you want to use in the next template object in the VSCode config.json.

```json
 "commit-pieces-ai.commitEmojis": {
  "feat": "✨",
  "fix": "🐛",
  "docs": "📝",
  "style": "💎",
  "refactor": "♻️",
  "test": "🧪",
  "chore": "📦",
  "revert": "⏪"
}
```

- Custom Summary Prompt: The prompt that will be used to generate the summary of all git diff.

- Custom Commit Prompt: The prompt that will be used to generate the commit message.

## Known Issues

There are currently no known issues. If you encounter any problems, please open an issue on our GitHub repository.

---

## For more information

- [Pieces for Developer Documentation](https://docs.pieces.app/)
- [Commit AI - Pieces for Developers GitHub Repository](https://github.com/FrancoStino/commit-pieces-ai)

## Note

**This extension is a community project and not officially supported by Pieces for Developers team.** <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/1099134036481413140.gif?size=40">

---

**Happy coding with Commit AI - Pieces for Developers!**

Commit message:

docs: Add custom URL setting for remote Pieces OS

README.md, after:

<div align="center">

# Commit AI - Pieces for Developers

<img src="assets/icon.png" width="25%">

---

  <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavideLadisa.commit-pieces-ai" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/v/DavideLadisa.commit-pieces-ai?style=for-the-badge" alt="Visual Studio Marketplace Version">
  </a>
  <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavideLadisa.commit-pieces-ai" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/i/DavideLadisa.commit-pieces-ai?style=for-the-badge" alt="Visual Studio Marketplace Installs">
  </a>
  <a href="https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=DavideLadisa.commit-pieces-ai" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/visual-studio-marketplace/r/DavideLadisa.commit-pieces-ai?style=for-the-badge" alt="Visual Studio Marketplace Rating">
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/FrancoStino/commit-pieces-ai/blob/main/LICENSE" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/FrancoStino/commit-pieces-ai?style=for-the-badge" alt="GitHub license">
  </a>
  <a href="https://pieces.app/" style="text-decoration: none;">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/pieces-for%20developers-191919?style=for-the-badge&logo=data%3Aimage%2Fpng%3Bbase64%2CiVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABQAAAAUCAQAAAAngNWGAAAB3UlEQVQoz11TTWgTQRj9IGya7UpEPMVuLagYkQr%20QOpRtOBJBBc8eyqCIHgrrYRiipeCCF715E2rULEU3cZWIqXUCtp68Kg0a8EF0WgS7TrveZidZDff6c03b773zTdvROJwxBusToXv%20Y8kqcKNWsUbcqQnhrN%20OWqyJ6KWXznWl6CV8sFLs6nYYAOqQ64vlfaYalbwQif%2F8g6KyDDDI5jBn5j6dXmkT0Tysj6pEy2eR4F3sYmPuIcBnoXpZXXaEbmyL%2FqllzdwEAGM5DaLuG5WratDUr2p8Q%2FafIbkVXzY%2FB7j2rSEbzVcQp5tfsElnMYsSHKHe7EQHw03hTsazilXkRcxigpy3AIJunhsNJQYoSfKVeBR9RCkjTcgt2Bxo9NMh%2FiIriJP4AGIfvWa5DWcRLfpjvSschU5hlG00a8WOAGHK12eknBNo6fKVWSdh3gAGea4H4uJGYQfpDah4XM1oEjyJ%20%2FDwm20Uq9euyVjhahBkqvIcRsk%20RkZfkpNNGp6g%20LIq3FthlM4gxUsYwTnkOJxfSovInLcCudJss4LyMLGZXxL0YLF4ayx2a5gXiebaKeLse6XdiccediaGzfmSPT22y8Xsz0et8UrVCeDtXiuUfiuWvbc7lf4Dx%2FMT2rumNvaAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC" alt="Pieces for Developers">
  </a>
  
</div>

---

Commit AI - Pieces for Developers is a Visual Studio Code extension that uses the Pieces for Developers to enhance the code commit process.

## Configuration

To use Commit Pieces for Developers AI, you need to install **[Pieces for Developers](https://pieces.app/)**. Follow these steps:

1. You don't need any API key to use Commit Pieces for Developers.
2. Click on the Sparkle icon in the Source Control icon in the VS Code toolbar.
3. Open the VS Code settings (File > Preferences > Settings).
4. Search for "Commit Pieces for Developers" in the settings to customize it.
5. Enjoy!

## Features

![Commit Groq Demo](assets/commitpiecesai-demo.gif)

- Automatic generation of commit messages based on modified code.
- Code analysis for improvement suggestions before committing.
- Seamless integration with Git workflow in VS Code.

## Usage

1. Make your code changes as usual.
2. When you're ready to commit, use the "Run Commit Pieces for Developers" command from the command palette (Ctrl+Shift+P).
3. The extension will generate a commit message based on your changes.
4. Review and modify the message if necessary, then proceed with the commit.

## Settings

This extension contributes the following settings:

- "Run Commit Pieces for Developers": automatically generates a commit message for your commit.

- Model: You can select the model from the plugin configuration.

`chat-bison`

`claude-3-5-sonnet@20240620`

`claude-3-haiku@20240307`

`claude-3-opus@20240229`

`claude-3-sonnet@20240229`

`codechat-bison`

`gemini-1.5-flash`

`gemini-1.5-pro`

`gemini-pro`

`gpt-3.5-turbo`

`gpt-3.5-turbo-16k`

`gpt-4`

`gpt-4-turbo`

`gpt-4o` - default

`gpt-4o-mini`

- Use Emojis: It allows you to enable or disable the use of emojis in commit messages.

- Custom Emojis: It allows you to write down the emojis you want to use in the next template object in the VSCode config.json.

```json
 "commit-pieces-ai.commitEmojis": {
  "feat": "✨",
  "fix": "🐛",
  "docs": "📝",
  "style": "💎",
  "refactor": "♻️",
  "test": "🧪",
  "chore": "📦",
  "revert": "⏪"
}
```

- Custom Summary Prompt: The prompt that will be used to generate the summary of all git diff.

- Custom Commit Prompt: The prompt that will be used to generate the commit message.

- Custom URL: URL to connect to a remote Pieces OS instance. Please read the [documentation](https://docs.pieces.app/product-highlights-and-benefits/connecting-to-a-remote-pieces-os-instance) to ensure you need to use this. You need to configure this setting inside the [Pieces for VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MeshIntelligentTechnologiesInc.pieces-vscode) extension

## Known Issues

There are currently no known issues. If you encounter any problems, please open an issue on our GitHub repository.

---

## For more information

- [Pieces for Developer Documentation](https://docs.pieces.app/)
- [Commit AI - Pieces for Developers GitHub Repository](https://github.com/FrancoStino/commit-pieces-ai)

## Note

**This extension is a community project and not officially supported by Pieces for Developers team.** <img src="https://cdn.discordapp.com/emojis/1099134036481413140.gif?size=40">

---

**Happy coding with Commit AI - Pieces for Developers!**
